I have striven not to laugh at human actions, not to weep at them, nor to hate them, but to understand them. ― Baruch Spinoza, Tractatus Theologico-Politicus
A thousand days of practice for training and ten thousands days of practice for refinement. - Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings
A true opium of the people is a belief in nothingness after death—the huge solace of thinking that for our betrayals, greed, cowardice, murders, we are not going to be judged. - John,Lennox. Can Science Explain Everything?
A warrior is worthless unless he rises above others and stands strong in the midst of a storm. — Yamamoto Tsunetomo
A warrior must subdue himself before he can subdue his enemies. — The Stoic Emperor
Clear eyes see accurately. The quiet mind thinks calmly. The steady hand strikes decisively. Mad passion flares brightly and quickly burns itself out. Stoke the steady flames of discipline, wisdom, and will. - The Stoic Emperor
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. ― Miyamoto Musashi
Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs? ― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
All truth is found in the cash account. — Chalie Bahr, 
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident - Arthur Schopenhauer, Philosopher
And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures? - luke 24:32
He remembered that they were but flesh, a passing breeze that does not return.- Psalm 78:39.
Do you give the horse its strength or clothe its neck with a flowing mane? - Job 39:19
Assumption is the mother of all failures! - Slade Wilson 
Be brave, my heart. Plant your feet and square your shoulders to the enemy. Meet him among the man-killing spears. Hold your ground. In victory, do not brag; in defeat, do not weep.-Archilochus
Be grateful for adversity, for it forces the human spirit to grow - for surely, the human character is formed not in the absence of difficulty but in our response to difficulty. -Jim Rohn
 Be strong and of good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them; for the Lord thy God, He it is who doth go with thee. He will not fail thee nor forsake thee.” - Deuteronomy 31:6
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.- Confucius
Do as little as needed, not as much as possible —Henk Kraaijenhof
Do not attempt to oppose the way of the universe. But first make sure you know the way of the universe.- Eiji Yoshikawa. Musashi
Do not think that what is hard for you to master is humanly impossible; and if it is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach.― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
Does history record any case in which the majority was right?—Robert Heinlein
Dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same. - Thanos 
Even though you know a thousand things, ask the man who knows one. —Turkish proverb
Everything popular is wrong. —Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.— Marcus Aurelius
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored -Aldous Huxley
Fate whispers to the warrior, You can not withstand the storm.The warrior whispers back,I am the storm.-Unknown
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.-Epictetus
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong. —H. L. MENCKEN
I have striven not to laugh at human actions, not to weep at them, nor to hate them, but to understand them. ― Baruch Spinoza, Tractatus Theologico-Politicus
Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest. -Joshua 1:9
He was the meekest and lowliest of all the sons of men, yet he spoke of coming on the clouds of heaven with the glory of God.He was so austere that evil spirits and demons cried out with terror at his sight, yet he was so genial and winsome and approachable that the children loved to play with him, and the little ones nestled in his arms. His presence at the innocent gaiety of a village wedding was like the presence of sunshine. No one was half so kind or compassionate toward sinners, yet no one ever spoke such red-hot scorching words about sin. A bruised reed he would not break, his whole life was love, yet on one occasion he demanded of the Pharisees how they ever expected to escape the damnation of Hell. He was a dreamer of dreams and a seer of visions, yet for sheer stark realism He has all our self-styled realists soundly beaten. He was a servant of all, washing his disciples’ feet, yet masterfully He strode into the temple, and the hucksters and moneychangers fell over one another in the mad rush to get away from the fire they saw blazing in His eyes. He saved others, yet at the last Himself He did not save. There is nothing in history like the union of contrasts which confronts us in the gospels. The mystery of Jesus is the mystery of divine personality. - James Stewart  
He who refuses to do arithmetic is doomed to talk nonsense. —JOHN MCCARTHY,
Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.”― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. —WINSTON CHURCHILL
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. - Jewish Proverb
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, "He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone.― Epictetus
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There’s no point in being a damn fool about it. —W. C. FIELDS, COMEDIAN
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. —ANATOLE FRANCE
If you are caught unprepared by a sudden rainstorm, you should not run foolishly down the road or hide under the eves of houses. You are going to get soaked either way. Accept that from the beginning and go on your way. This way you will not be distressed by a little rain. Apply this lesson to everything.― Tsunetomo Yamamoto, The Hagakure: A code to the way of #samurai
If you don’t want to slip, don’t go where it’s slippery. —ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS MAXIM
If you thought that your computer was the end product of mindless unguided processes, would you trust it?-Lennox, John. Can Science Explain Everything?
If you want to make someone angry tell him a lie; if you want to make him furious, tell him the truth.- Arthur Schopenhauer
In God we trust… all others bring data. —W. EDWARDS DEMING,
In life there is really no great or small thing. All things are of equal value and of equal size.― Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
In this age, which believes that there is a short cut to everything, the greatest lesson to be learned is that the most difficult way is, in the long run, the easiest. - Henry Miller
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit,
It is difficult to resist the conclusion that 20th century man has decided to abolish himself, tired of the struggle to be himself, he has created boredom out of his affluence, impotence out of his own erotomania and vulnerability out of his own strength. He himself blows the trumpet that brings the walls of his own cities crashing down, until at last having educated himself into imbecility, having drugged and polluted himself into stupefaction he kneels over a weary old brontosaurus and becomes extinct.- Malcolm Muggeridge, British journalist of the 20th century
It is spiritless to think that you cannot attain to that which you have seen and heard the masters attain. The masters are men. You are also a man. If you think that you will be inferior in doing something, you will be on that road very soon.― Tsunetomo Yamamoto, Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai
“It is vain to do with more what can be done with less.—William of Occam, “Occam’s Razor”
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.― Sun Tzu, The Art of War
Kung fu. It means, “supreme skill from hard work.” A great poet has reached kung fu. The painter, the calligrapher, they can be said to have kung fu. Even the cook, the one who sweeps steps or a masterful servant can have kung fu. Practice. Preparation. Endless repetition. Until your mind is weary, and your bones ache. Until you’re too tired to sweat, too wasted to breathe. That is the way, the only way one acquires kung fu. - Hundred Eyes
Last, is the fourth major lesson in life to learn: learn how to reap in the fall, without complain. Take full responsibility for what happens to you. It is one of the highest forms of human maturity: Accepting full responsibility. It’s the day you know you’ve passed from childhood to adulthood. And learn how to reap in the fall without apology. Without apology if you have done well, and without complain if you have not. That’s the best of human maturity.-Jim Rohn 
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt. -Sun Tzu. The Art of War
Listen to the wind, it talks. Listen to the silence, it speaks. Listen to your heart, it knows.― Native American Proverb
Making choices makes you into the kind of person who makes choices.-The Stoic Emperor
Money is plentiful for those who understand the simple laws which govern its acquisition. —George Clayson
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.― Sun Tzu, The Art of War 
“My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge; because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee; ... seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.” Hosea 4:6
Never depend on the admiration of others. There is no strength in it. ― Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue
Ninety percent of this game is half mental. —YOGI BERRA
No great thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.― Epictetus
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. —ELBERT HUBBARD
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.- Mark Twain
Our actions are like ships which we may watch set out to sea, and not know when or with what cargo they will return to port.― Iris Murdoch, The Bell
Praemonitus praemunitus (forewarned is forearmed). — ROMAN PROVERB
Rare is the person who can weigh the faults of others without putting his thumb on the scales. —BYRON J. LANGENFELD
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away. —PHILIP K
Reflect on everything you hear, but believe only on proof.― Publius Syrus
Rule your mind or it will rule you. —HORACE
Show respect to all men, but grovel to none. —TECUMSEH
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason. —JERRY SEINFELD
Sometimes when I consider what tremendous consequences come from little things, I am tempted to think: there are no little things. —BRUCE BARTON
Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.- Robert Louis Stevenson 
Success is always on the #razors edge of failure. - Ross Perot
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. —GENERAL GEORGE S. PATTON
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.-Arthur Schopenhauer
The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected. ― Sun Tzu, The Art of War
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy’s not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable. -Sun Tzu. The Art of War #strategy  
Inwardly, the battle had already begun, for the eye can damage a man more seriously than sword or staff. - Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi.
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms" - Socrates.
The best strategy is always to be very #strong. —CARL VON CLAUSEWITZ, MILITARY STRATEGIST
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity. ― Seneca
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated. —WILLIAM JAMES
The depth saith,It is not in me;And the sea saith, It is not with me.It can not be gotten for gold, Neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof. It can not be valued with the gold of Ophir, With the precious onyx, or the sapphire. The gold and the crystal can not equal it; And the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold. No mention shall be made of coral or of pearls, For the price of wisdom is above rubies.” Job 28:14-18.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.—Richard P. Feynman
The fundamental principle of human action is that men seek to gratify their desires with the least exertion. —HENRY GEORGE
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. ― Epictetus
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.― Sun Tzu, The Art of War
The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races: the men who borrow and the men who lend. —CHARLES LAMB, ESSAYIST
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.― Marcus Aurelius
The moon is always jealous of the heat of the day, just as the sun always longs for something dark and deep. -Alice Hoffman
The only way you learn to flip things is just to flip them! —JULIA CHILD
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. -Ayn Rand 
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you’ve got it made. —GROUCHO MARX
The secret to living well and longer is: eat half, walk double, laugh triple and love without measure. -Tibetan Proverb
The sons of the blacksmith are not frightened at sparks. ― Publius Syrus
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers ― M. Scott Peck
The views expressed here do not necessarily represent the unanimous view of all parts of my mind. —MALCOLM MCMAHON
The way to get on in the world is to make people believe it’s to their advantage to help you. —JEAN DE LA BRUYÉRE
The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently; but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life - knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live.-Aristotle
The world can only be grasped by action, not by contemplation. The hand is the cutting edge of the mind.- Diane Arbus
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going. -Epictetus
There are 6 billion people on this planet. 99.999% of them would rather not give you their money. —HUGH MACLEOD
There are but two religions in the world,” said Olivetan, the Protestant. “The one class of religions are those which men have invented, in all of which man saves himself by ceremonies and good works; the other is that one religion which is revealed in the Bible, and which teaches man to look for salvation solely from the free grace of God. - Ellen G. White, The Great Controversy 
There are some remedies worse than the disease.― Publius Syrus,
There is nothing harder than the softness of indifference. —JUAN MONTALVO
This book is not published to tell us that there is an irreconcilable controversy between darkness and light, sin and righteousness, wrong and right, death and life. In our heart of hearts we know it, and know that we are participators, actors, in the conflict. - Ellen G. White, The Great Controversy  
Thought in the mind hath made us, What we are By thought was wrought and built. If a man’s mind Hath evil thoughts, pain comes on him as comes The wheel the ox behind... ...If one endure In purity of thought, joy follows him As his own shadow — sure. - James Allen, . As a Man Thinketh
Thus the expert in battle moves the enemy, and is not moved by him.— Sun Tzu
Thus, what enables the wise sovereign and the good general to strike and conquer, and achieve things beyond the reach of ordinary men, is foreknowledge. Now this foreknowledge cannot be elicited from spirits; it cannot be obtained inductively from experience, nor by any deductive calculation. -Sun Tzu. The Art of War 
To be able to ask a question clearly is two-thirds of the way to getting it answered. —JOHN RUSKIN
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.― Sun Tzu
try and fail but never fail to try ― Jared Leto
Ut sementem feceris, ita metes. (You reap what you sow.) —MARCUS TULLIUS CICERO
Value is not intrinsic; it is not in things. It is within us; it is the way in which man reacts to the conditions of his environment. —LUDWIG VON MISES
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win ― Sun Tzu, The Art of War
We confess our little faults to persuade people that we have no large ones. —FRANÇOIS DE LA ROCHEFOUCAULD
We find comfort among those who agree with us, and growth among those who don’t. —FRANK A. CLARK
When all is said and done, a lot more is said than done. —LOU HOLTZ
When I was young, I thought money was the most important thing in life. Now that I’m old, I know it is. —OSCAR WILDE
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.― Cherokee Proverb
Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.- Galileo Galilei
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions. —STEPHEN COVEY,
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.― Friedrich Nietzsche
Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.- Luke 6:26.
Would you have a great empire? Rule over yourself.― Publilius Syrus,
Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast. —STEVE PAVLINA
Those who are most ready to excuse or justify themselves in sin are often most severe in judging and condemning others. - Ellen G. White
Envy is the offspring of pride and, if it is entertained in the heart, it will lead to cruel deeds, to hatred, revenge, and murder - Ellen G. White
Unbelief has now come to be a fine art, which men work at to the destruction of their souls. - Ellen G. White
Thou, O man, hast chosen to stand under the banner of the great rebel, Satan, and in so doing thou hast destroyed thyself.- Ellen G. White
Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee. -Ezekiel 28:17
All created things, in their original perfection, were an expression of the thought of God. -Ellen G. White
Christ was a faithful reprover. Never lived there another who so hated evil; never another whose denunciation of it was so fearless. To all things untrue and base His very presence was a rebuke. In the light of His purity, men saw themselves unclean, their life’s aims mean and false. Yet He drew them. - Ellen G. White
An unseen hand guides the planets in their circuit of the heavens. A mysterious life pervades all nature—a life that sustains the unnumbered worlds throughout immensity, that lives in the insect atom which floats in the summer breeze, that wings the flight of the swallow and feeds the young ravens which cry, that brings the bud to blossom and the flower to fruit. The same power that upholds nature, is working also in man. The same great laws that guide alike the star and the atom control human life. - Ellen G. White
Looking upon the evil manifest even in the natural world, all have the same sorrowful lesson to learn—“An enemy hath done this.” Matthew 13:28. - Ellen G. White
I seem to myself to have been like a child on the seashore finding pebbles and shells, while the great ocean of truth lay undiscovered before me.-Isaac Newton
By the right choice and true application of thought, man ascends to the Divine Perfection; by the abuse and wrong application of thought, he descends below the level of the beast. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
Man is buffeted by circumstances so long as he believes himself to be the creature of outside conditions, but when he realizes that he is a creative power, and that he may command the hidden soil and seeds of his being out of which circumstances grow, he then becomes the rightful master of himself. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
The soul attracts that which it secretly harbours; that which it loves, and also that which it fears; it reaches the height of its cherished aspirations; it falls to the level of its unchastened desires, — and circumstances are the means by which the soul receives its own. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
Your Vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your Ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
Circumstance does not make the man; it reveals him to himself. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
Men do not attract that which they want, but that which they are. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh 
Not what he wishes and prays for does a man get, but what he justly earns. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
 Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
 A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
Aimlessness is a vice, and such drifting must not continue for him who would steer clear of catastrophe and destruction. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
The oak sleeps in the acorn; the bird waits in the egg; and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities. - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration - James Allen, As a Man Thinketh
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.  - Albert Camus
No matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger, something better, pushing right back. - Albert Camus
I rebel, therefore I exist - Albert Camus
People hasten to judge in order not to be judged themselves - Albert Camus
The need to be right - the sign of a vulgar mind. - Albert Camus
Against eternal injustice, man must assert justice, and to protest against the universe of grief, he must create happiness. - Albert Camus
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
Seeking what is true is not seeking what is desirable. - Albert Camus
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep - Albert Camus
stop reading motivational quotes and start doing motivational things.
Advice from a Cat <br> Be frisky! <br>Pounce on possibilities. <br>Enjoy the night life. <br>Always land on your feet. <br> Stretch often. <br>Delight in the simple joy of a long nap.<br> Create your purr-fect day!
Advice from a Dog <br> Be loyal! <br>Delight in the simple joys of a long walk.<br> Unleash your talents. <br> Hide Your favorite snack. <br>Make new friends.<br>Learn new tricks no matter your age. <br>When loved ones come home, always run to greet them!
One week they love me. Next week they hate me. Both weeks I got paid.-Unknowns
Sometimes you have to unfollow people in real life. -Unknown
What you allow is what will continue. -Unknown
Advice from a Butterfly <br>Let your true colors show! <br> Take yourself lightly. <br>Look for the sweetness in life.<br> Take time to smell the flowers.<br> Catch a breeze.<br> Treat yourself like a Monarch!
Advice from a rose <br> Make new buds.<br> Look past the thorns.<br> Beauty stems from within.<br> Live in full color.<br> Tend to your garden with care.<br> Wait for your time to bloom.<br> Cultivate happiness!
Advice from a Waterfall<br> Go with the flow!<br> Roar with excitement.<br> Let your cares fall away.<br> Create your own music.<br> Immerse yourself in nature.<br> Stay active.<br> Make a splash!
Advice from a Tree <br> Stand tall and proud.<br> Sink your roots into the Earth.<br> Be content with your natural beauty.<br> Go out on a limb.<br> Drink plenty of water<br> Think long term<br> Enjoy the view!
Advice from an Owl <br> Stay focused. <br> Be "hoo" you are.<br> Trust in a wise friend.<br> Live off the land.<br> Glide through the dark times.<br> Be observant.<br> Life\
You are who you are when no one is looking.
